API-6735: v3.3: customer-related traffic changes (#767)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.3/rtm-reference/index.mdx

<Section>
<Text>

### Follow Customer

Marks a customer as followed. All changes to the customer will be sent to the requester until the customer leaves the website or is unfollowed. The customers in the requester's chats don't need to be followed. The requester will receive all customer pushes regardless of their follower status.

#### Specifics

|                        |                                                 |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| **Action**             | `follow_customer`                               |
| **Required scopes**    | `customers:ro`                                  |
| **Web API equivalent** | [`follow_customer`](../#follow-customer)        |
| **Push message**       | [`incoming_customer`](#incoming_customer)**\*** |

**\*)**
It won't be sent when the requester already follows the customer or the customer is a member of the requester's chat.

#### Request

| Parameter  | Required | Data type |     |
| ---------- | -------- | --------- | --- |
| `id`       | Yes      | `string`  |     |

</Text>
<Code>
<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```json
{
  "action": "follow_customer",
  "payload": {

>     "id": "3cd19fff-f852-4402-59ce-ebd03af3f15a"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "id": "b7eff798-f8df-4364-8059-649c35c9ed0c"
```

  "type": "response",
  "success": true,
  "payload": {
  // no response payload
  }
}
```

</CodeResponse>
</Code>
</Section>

<Section>
<Text>

### Unfollow Customer

Removes the requester from the customer followers. Calling this method on a customer the requester is chatting with will result in success, however, the requester will still receive pushes about customer's data updates. The unfollow will take effect once the chat ends.

#### Specifics

|                        |                                                 |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| **Action**             | `unfollow_customer`                             |
| **Required scopes**    | -                                               |
| **Web API equivalent** | [`unfollow_customer`](../#unfollow-customer)    |
| **Push message**       | [`customer_unfollowed`](#customer_unfollowed)   |

#### Request

| Parameter  | Required | Data type |     |
| ---------- | -------- | --------- | --- |
| `id`       | Yes      | `string`  |     |

</Text>
<Code>
<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```json
{
  "action": "unfollow_customer",
  "payload": {

>     "id": "3cd19fff-f852-4402-59ce-ebd03af3f15a"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "id": "b7eff798-f8df-4364-8059-649c35c9ed0c"
```

<Section>
<Text>

### Follow Customer

Marks a customer as followed. All changes to the customer will be sent to the requester until the customer leaves the website or is unfollowed. The customers in the requester's chats don't need to be followed. The requester will receive all customer pushes regardless of their follower status.

If the agent is following a customer and the customer's access is outside of the agent's access, the follower status itself will not be broken (ie. the agent will still be following the customer) but the agent won't receive pushes about the customer. Once the customer's access matches the agent's access, the pushes will resume.

#### Specifics

|                        |                                                 |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| **Action**             | `follow_customer`                               |
| **Required scopes**    | `customers:ro`                                  |
| **Web API equivalent** | [`follow_customer`](../#follow-customer)        |
| **Push message**       | [`incoming_customer`](#incoming_customer)**\*** |

**\*)**

> It won't be sent when the requester already follows the customer or the customer is a member of the requester's chat.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It won't be sent when the requester already follows the customer or is chatting with that customer.
```

#### Request

| Parameter  | Required | Data type |     |
| ---------- | -------- | --------- | --- |
| `id`       | Yes      | `string`  |     |

</Text>
<Code>
<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```json
{
  "action": "follow_customer",
  "payload": {
    "id": "b7eff798-f8df-4364-8059-649c35c9ed0c"
  }
}
```

</CodeSample>

<CodeResponse>

```json
{
  "request_id": "<request_id>", // optional
  "action": "follow_customer",
  "type": "response",
  "success": true,
  "payload": {
  // no response payload
  }
}
```

</CodeResponse>
</Code>
</Section>

<Section>
<Text>

### Unfollow Customer

> Removes the requester from the customer followers. Calling this method on a customer the requester is chatting with will result in success, however, the requester will still receive pushes about customer's data updates. The unfollow will take effect once the chat ends.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removes the agent from the list of customer's followers. Calling this method on a customer the agent's chatting with will result in success, however, the agent will still receive pushes about the customer's data updates. The unfollowing will take effect once the chat ends.
```

<Section>
<Text>

### Follow Customer

> Marks a customer as followed. As a result, the requester (an agent) will receive the info about all the changes related to that customer via pushes. Once the customer leaves the website or is [unfollowed](#unfollow-customer), the agent will no longer receive that information. 

Reviewer 2: could you copy-paste it to the Web reference as well?

Author: done

#### Specifics

|                        |                                                 |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| **Action**             | `follow_customer`                               |
| **Required scopes**    | `customers:ro`                                  |
| **Web API equivalent** | [`follow_customer`](../#follow-customer)        |
| **Push message**       | [`incoming_customer`](#incoming_customer)**\*** |

**\*)**
It won't be sent when the requester already follows the customer or is chatting with that customer.

#### Request

| Parameter  | Required | Data type |     |
| ---------- | -------- | --------- | --- |
| `id`       | Yes      | `string`  |     |

</Text>
<Code>
<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```json
{
  "action": "follow_customer",
  "payload": {
    "id": "b7eff798-f8df-4364-8059-649c35c9ed0c"
  }
}
```

</CodeSample>

<CodeResponse>

```json
{
  "request_id": "<request_id>", // optional
  "action": "follow_customer",
  "type": "response",
  "success": true,
  "payload": {
  // no response payload
  }
}
```

</CodeResponse>
</Code>
</Section>

<Section>
<Text>

### Unfollow Customer

> Removes the agent from the list of customer's followers. Calling this method on a customer the agent's chatting with will result in success, however, the agent will still receive pushes about the customer's data updates. The unfollowing will take effect once the chat ends.

Reviewer 2: could you copy-paste it to Web reference as well?

Author: done

| `push_notifications.platform`       | Yes      | `string`  | OS platform; possible values:`ios`, `android`. Required only when `push_notifications` is included.                                                         |
| `application`                       | No       | `object`  |                                                                                                                                                             |
| `application.name`                  | No       | `string`  | Application name                                                                                                                                            |
| `application.version`               | No       | `string`  | Application version                                                                                                                                         |
| `away` __*__                        | No       | `bool`    | When `true`, the connection is set to the `away` state. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                |

> | `customer_push_level`               | No       | `string`  | Possible values: `my`, `engaged`, `online` __**__. Defaults to `my` if login creates the first session, otherwise it preserves current customer_push_level. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `customer_push_level`               | No       | `string`  | Possible values: `my`, `engaged`, `online` __**__. Defaults to `my` if [login](#login) creates the first session; otherwise it preserves the current `customer_push_level`. |
```

__*__ You can use the `away` param to **prevent assigning chats** to Agents **after random reconnections** when their status was set to `not_accepting_chats` by the auto-away feature. When an Agent logs in with `away: true`, the connection is immediately recognized
as `away`. [Read more...](#set-away-status)

__**__ These values mean:

> * `my` - only the customers from chats the agent is assigned to,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `my` - only the customers from chats the agent is assigned to
```

> * `engaged` - all customers that are not just browsing the website (e.g. chatting or invited) within groups the agent is assigned to,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `engaged` - all customers that aren't just browsing the website (for example, they're chatting or being invited) within groups the agent is assigned to,
```

> * `engaged` - all customers that are not just browsing the website (e.g. chatting or invited) within groups the agent is assigned to,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `engaged` - all customers that are not just browsing the website (e.g. chatting or invited) within groups the agent is assigned to
```

> * `online` - all customers visiting the website assigned to agent’s groups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `online` - all customers visiting the website assigned to the agent’s groups
```

| `application.name`                  | No       | `string`  | Application name                                                                                                                 |
| `application.version`               | No       | `string`  | Application version                                                                                                              |
| `away` __*__                        | No       | `bool`    | When `true`, the connection is set to the `away` state. Defaults to `false`.                                                     |

> | `customer_push_level`               | No       | `string`  | Possible values: `my`, `engaged`, `online` __**__. Defaults to `my`.                                                             |

Reviewer: defaults to `my` if login creates the first session; if the session already exists then the current `customer_push_level` won't change

## Customers

### `incoming_customers`

> Informs about customers the agent should be aware of. It's sent after [`login`](#login).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Informs about customers the agent should be notified about. It's sent after [`login`](#login).
```

Author: `incoming_customers` contain all the customers in agent's groups, even if the agent doesn't (and won't) follow. I think "aware of" is better in this case.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, in that case, it's better. Or "know about".

<CodeResponse title={'Sample push payload'}>

```json
{
  "customer_push_level": "engaged",
  "customers": [{
    // "Customer" user object
  }]
}
```

</CodeResponse>

#### Specifics

|                        |                                                                              |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Action**             | `incoming_customer`                                                          |
| **Webhook equivalent** | [`incoming_customer`](/management/configuration-api/v3.3/#incoming_customer) |

### `incoming_customer`

> Informs that a new or returning Customer is available to the agent.

Reviewer 2: I know that we have a little combo of Agent/agent and Customer/customer, but we might try to stick to this rule:
- If you're talking about the data structure, capitalize it
- If you're talking about a human, don't capitalize it

| **Action**             | `customer_banned` |
| **Webhook equivalent** | -                 |

### `customer_transferred`

> Informs that the agent no longer has the access to a Customer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Informs that a customer is no longer available the agent.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm using the word "available" meaning "accessible". Is that okay or did you use "available" in a different context and I didn't notice? "agent has the access to a Customer" seems as if we were talking about objects, not people. I know that those people translate to data structures, but we can try to can keep it more humanized in the docs :D

Author: yup, pretty much "available" == "accessible" in this context

| **Action**             | `queue_positions_updated` |
| **Webhook equivalent** | -                         |

### `customer_unfollowed`

Informs that a customer has been unfollowed. Useful in multiple connection scenarios, where one app/integration needs to know that another one unfollowed the customer.

<CodeResponse title={'Sample push payload'}>

```json
{

>   "id": "3cd19fff-f852-4402-59ce-ebd03af3f15a"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "id": "b7eff798-f8df-4364-8059-649c35c9ed0c"
```

| **Action**             | `queue_positions_updated` |
| **Webhook equivalent** | -                         |

### `customer_unfollowed`

> Informs that a customer has been unfollowed. Useful in multiple connection scenarios, where one app/integration needs to know that another one unfollowed the customer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Informs that a customer was unfollowed. Useful in multiple connection scenarios, where one app/integration needs to know that another one unfollowed the customer.
```

Reviewer 2: Grammatically the tense was OK, but it's better to simplify when possible
